>> Brian Holt: But you can see here,
now our moles are actually coming and
going, right?
>> Brian Holt: Has anyone seen this?
>> Brian Holt: Check your console.
That's probably the first thing I
would check to see what kind of errors
you're getting.
>> Brian Holt: The game's not
interactive yet at all, right?
Because we haven't done the feed ability,
right?
I'm clicking on this mole right here,
and it's not doing anything.
But the generic just going through
its normal life cycle is working.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah?
>> Student1: I'm seeing a kind
of jarring with each animation,
like something funky with the CSS,
or whenever one pops up like
expands the whole roll a little,
like the entire page.
>> Brian Holt: My guess is
that you probably have.
>> Brian Holt: So
it should look like this right?
It's probably problem with your HTML,
that would be my guess.
>> Student1: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: There's a whole container
inside the whole container, is the whole.
And inside the hole is the image.
My guess is that you probably have
something like the image is next to
the hole or something like that,
or it's next to the container.
But if they're not in that same
relationship, that might cause issues.
>> Student1: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: If it's not that,
then it's your CSS somewhere.
>> Student1: I think I see why.
>> Brian Holt: So, yeah, go ahead.
>> Student1: When are we supposed
to call the next frame function?
>> Brian Holt: Next frame.
>> Student1: Just immediately?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: So you have to
kind of start it out next frame.
You have to call it once.
And then at the bottom here, make sure
you have this request animation frame.
Otherwise it's gonna run once and
never run again.
>> Student2: That's why you're talking
about it as a slow infinite loop.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Student2: Cuz you
want it to [INAUDIBLE].
Wouldn't ever think there'd be a use for
an infinite loop, but it makes sense.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
it's not necessarily a totally
accurate model to think of it as,
but I mean, or maybe it is, right?
It is a loop that just runs forever.
>> Brian Holt: Whereas if you do like a
while true loop, it'll crash your browser.